# 'int' Constructor in Python
Return an integer object constructed from a number or string x, or return 0 if no arguments are given. If x defines __int__(), int(x) returns x.__int__(). If x defines __index__(), it returns x.__index__(). If x defines __trunc__(), it returns x.__trunc__(). For floating point numbers, this truncates towards zero.

If x is not a number or if base is given, then x must be a string, bytes, or bytearray instance representing an integer literal in radix base. Optionally, the literal can be preceded by + or - (with no space in between) and surrounded by whitespace. A base-n literal consists of the digits 0 to n-1, with a to z (or A to Z) having values 10 to 35. The default base is 10. The allowed values are 0 and 2–36. Base-2, -8, and -16 literals can be optionally prefixed with 0b/0B, 0o/0O, or 0x/0X, as with integer literals in code. Base 0 means to interpret exactly as a code literal, so that the actual base is 2, 8, 10, or 16, and so that int('010', 0) is not legal, while int('010') is, as well as int('010', 8).
# encoded_from_base10 function
The functionality starts with exception handling checking different scenarios. The main functionality is to convert a given number into required base by using the digit_map provided or described. In python hex() of a number returns hexadecimal string, bin() function converts into binary representation. In this function without using the encoding functions we are defining our own
## exceptions and raising errors in python
In Python, all exceptions must be instances of a class that derives from BaseException. In a try statement with an except clause that mentions a particular class, that clause also handles any exception classes derived from that class (but not exception classes from which it is derived). Two exception classes that are not related via subclassing are never equivalent, even if they have the same name.

The built-in exceptions listed below can be generated by the interpreter or built-in functions. Except where mentioned, they have an “associated value” indicating the detailed cause of the error. This may be a string or a tuple of several items of information (e.g., an error code and a string explaining the code). The associated value is usually passed as arguments to the exception class’s constructor.

User code can raise built-in exceptions. This can be used to test an exception handler or to report an error condition “just like” the situation in which the interpreter raises the same exception; but beware that there is nothing to prevent user code from raising an inappropriate error.

## Raising value error
exception ValueError : Raised when an operation or function receives an argument that has the right type but an inappropriate value, and the situation is not described by a more precise exception such as IndexError.

Then we encoded the given number into base along with the digit_map provide. digit_map is the structure or custom defined sequence for digits used in mapping while converting into different bases like bin, hex, oct. Using div and % we encoded the numbers and returned the encoded value


# 'math'
This module provides access to the mathematical functions defined by the C standard.

These functions cannot be used with complex numbers; use the functions of the same name from the cmath module if you require support for complex numbers. The distinction between functions which support complex numbers and those which don’t is made since most users do not want to learn quite as much mathematics as required to understand complex numbers. Receiving an exception instead of a complex result allows earlier detection of the unexpected complex number used as a parameter, so that the programmer can determine how and why it was generated in the first place.

In this assignment we mostly used absolute function,  tried replicating the functions like truncating, rounding off, isequal/equality. 

# Equality Testing

In this function we tried replicating the isclose function from math module. Using relative and absolute tolerance we will calculate wheher given 2 numbers are same or not with out using the equality function.

# manual_truncation_function

In this function we tried replicating the truncation function of math module without using it. Using string operations we achieved it

# manual_rounding_function

In this function with out calling the round() function we manually rounded off the given numebr to its nearest which is equivalent to the round off function otput

# rounding_away_from_zero

We need to round off the number away from zero with out using the "int" constructor. Using fractions we achieved this



